README.md, before:

Description
===========
Plivo PHP helper library to access PlivoCloud API and generate Plivo XML

## Usage
[Download](https://getcomposer.org/download/) and [install](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#globally) composer, a dependency manager for PHP.

Run the command `composer require plivo/plivo-php` in your project directory to update your `composer.json` file and download the plivo-php library.

## License

```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Plivo Inc

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```

Commit message:

Update README with v4.0.0-beta1 details

README.md, after:

Description
===========
Plivo PHP helper library to access PlivoCloud API and generate Plivo XML

**Important:** A new version of the PHP SDK `v4.0.0-beta1` is released as a public Beta and is now available on Packagist. Visit the [4.0 release branch](https://github.com/plivo/plivo-php/tree/4.0) to know more.

## Usage
[Download](https://getcomposer.org/download/) and [install](https://getcomposer.org/doc/00-intro.md#globally) composer, a dependency manager for PHP.

Run the command `composer require plivo/plivo-php` in your project directory to update your `composer.json` file and download the plivo-php library.

## License

```
The MIT License (MIT)

Copyright (c) 2015 Plivo Inc

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
```
